The [Microsoft cloud security benchmark v2 (MCSB)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/security/benchmark/azure/overview) is a collection of high-impact security recommendations you can use to help secure your cloud services in Azure and other cloud environments like AWS and GCP. It provides a comprehensive security best practice framework with specific configuration settings and guidance that you can monitor across multiple cloud platforms.

### Security controls

A control is a high-level description of a recommended feature or activity, within a domain, that needs to be addressed. Controls aren't specific to a technology or implementation. Each control is numbered and includes information across the following sections: in sections, including

For example, the MCSBv2 domain for AI, includes the following controls:

- AI-1: Ensure use of approved models
- AI-2: Implement multi-layered content filtering
- AI-3: Adopt safety meta-prompts
- AI-4: Apply least privilege for agent functions
- AI-5: Ensure human-in-the-loop
- AI-6: Establish monitoring and detection
- AI-7: Perform continuous AI Red Teaming

The complete list of the security controls for each domain is available in the [Microsoft cloud security benchmark documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/security/benchmark/azure/).

Each security control in the benchmark includes the following sections:

- **Azure Policy**: Links to Azure built-in policy definitions that you can use to measure and enforce the security control, when applicable.
- **Security principle**: High-level description of the security control at the technology-agnostic level, explaining the "what" and "why" of the security control.
- **Risk to mitigate**: The specific security risks and threats that the security control aims to address.
- **MITRE ATT&CK**: The MITRE ATT&CK tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) relevant to the security risks.
- **Implementation guidance**: Detailed Azure-specific technical guidance organized explaining how to implement the security control using Azure features and services.
- **Implementation example**: Practical real-world scenario demonstrating how to implement the security control, including the challenge, solution approach, and outcome.
- **Criticality level**: Indicates the relative importance of the security control for security posture.
- **Control Mapping**: Mappings to industry security standards and frameworks such as CIS, NIST, PCI, ISO, and others.
- 