The Microsoft docs describe a DLL as "a library that contains code and data that can be used by more than one program at the same time."

DLLs are used as one of the core functionalities behind application execution in Windows. From the Windows documentation, "The use of DLLs helps promote modularization of code, code reuse, efficient memory usage, and reduced disk space. So, the operating system and the programs load faster, run faster, and take less disk space on the computer."

When a DLL is loaded as a function in a program, the DLL is assigned as a dependency. Since a program is dependent on a DLL, attackers can target the DLLs rather than the applications to control some aspect of execution or functionality.

  •	DLL Hijacking (T1574.001)
  •	DLL Side-Loading (T1574.002)
  •	DLL Injection (T1055.001)

DLLs are created no different than any other project/application; they only require slight syntax modification to work. 

DLLs can be loaded in a program using load-time dynic linking or run-time dynic linking.

When loaded using load-time dynic linking, explicit calls to the DLL functions are made from the application. You can only achieve this type of linking by providing a header (.h) and import library (.lib) file

When loaded using run-time dynic linking, a separate function (LoadLibrary or LoadLibraryEx) is used to load the DLL at run time. Once loaded, you need to use GetProcAddress to identify the exported DLL function to call. 

In malicious code, threat actors will often use run-time dynic linking more than load-time dynic linking. This is because a malicious program may need to transfer files between memory regions, and transferring a single DLL is more manageable than importing using other file requirements.




